Add nginx info when using Let's Encrypt certificates (#2893)
skyportal/skyportal: doc/setup.md

```

This also adds `testuser@cesium-ml.org` as an administrator.

> ### nginx configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploying secure HTTP / SSL certificate
```

> When running on a public server, it can be useful to use X. 509 certificates for Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption. For example, services such as Let's Encrypt (https://letsencrypt.org/) provide free services to create such certificates when deploying publicly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a public server, you will likely want to deploy an SSL certificate (i.e., serve `https://your.url` instead of `http://your.url`). Certificates can be obtained for free from services such as Let's Encrypt (https://letsencrypt.org/).
```

> When running a public server, you will likely want to deploy an SSL certificate (i.e., serve `https://your.url` instead of `http://your.url`). Certificates can be obtained for free from services such as Let's Encrypt (https://letsencrypt.org/). For Let's Encrypt at least, the process requires verification of the service without SSL first to provision a certificate, and so deployment without an nginx configuration change will be first required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a public server, you will likely want to deploy an SSL certificate (i.e., serve `https://your.url` instead of `http://your.url`). Certificates can be obtained for free from services such as Let's Encrypt (https://letsencrypt.org/). For Let's Encrypt at least, the process requires verification of the service without SSL first.
```

Reviewer: OK, so what does the user have to do to kick off that process?

> One way to pick up the certificates with SkyPortal's nginx deployment is by modifying the default nginx template configuration files which come with baselayer. In this case, in the server portion of baselayer/services/nginx/nginx.conf.template, one can add (for Let's Encrypt'):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have nginx pick up your SSL certificate, you'll need to modify the nginx configuration in `baselayer/services/nginx/nginx.conf.template`. For example, you would add the following for Let's Encrypt:
```

>     listen [::]:443 ssl ipv6only=on;

Reviewer: Why ipv6only?

Author: This was just what Let's Encrypt added automatically... I am not sure if I know enough to talk intelligently here :)

> To have nginx pick up your SSL certificate, you'll need to modify the nginx configuration in `baselayer/services/nginx/nginx.conf.template`. For example, you would add the following for Let's Encrypt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After receiving an SSL certificate, you'll need to modify the nginx configuration in `baselayer/services/nginx/nginx.conf.template` to use it. For example, you would add the following for Let's Encrypt:
```

    listen 443 ssl;

>     ssl_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/{YOUR_DOMAIN_HERE}/fullchain.pem;

Reviewer: Doesn't nginx usually require verification of the service without SSL first, before they provision a certificate? Or can you also just get one manually? Perhaps add that part of the story too.

Author: I added a note that this is indeed the case for Let's Encrypt at least.

    ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/{YOUR_DOMAIN_HERE}/privkey.pem;
    include /etc/letsencrypt/options-ssl-nginx.conf;
    ssl_dhparam /etc/letsencrypt/ssl-dhparams.pem;

> and restart the App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and restart the app.
```

Say how?

```

This also adds `testuser@cesium-ml.org` as an administrator.

### Deploying secure HTTP / SSL certificate

> When running a public server, you will likely want to deploy an SSL certificate (i.e., serve `https://your.url` instead of `http://your.url`). Certificates can be obtained for free from services such as Let's Encrypt (https://letsencrypt.org/). For Let's Encrypt at least, the process requires verification of the service without SSL first (i.e. simply running `make run`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running a public server, you will likely want to deploy an SSL certificate (i.e., serve `https://your.url` instead of `http://your.url`). Certificates can be obtained for free from services such as Let's Encrypt (https://letsencrypt.org/).
```

> Briefly, one can install certbot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/) is software for helping you obtain a new SSL certificate from Let's Encrypt.
To do so, it first verifies that your server is running (without SSL) at the specified domain.

Start SkyPortal using `make run`.

Then, install `certbot`:
```

Hrm, don't we need SkyPortal to run on port 80?

>     pip install certbot-nginx

Reviewer: also elsewhere.

Author: What does this mean?

> and retrieve a certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ask `certbot` to verify the service and retrieve a new certificate:
```

    sudo certbot certonly --standalone --preferred-challenges http -d http://your.url

> or similar if using https
>     sudo certbot certonly --standalone --preferred-challenges https -d https://your.url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or similar if using https
    sudo certbot certonly --standalone --preferred-challenges https -d https://your.url
```

> To renew the certificate, one does:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To renew and retrieve the certificate, do:
```

    sudo certbot renew

> After receiving an SSL certificate, you'll need to modify the nginx configuration in `baselayer/services/nginx/nginx.conf.template` to use it. For example, you would add the following for Let's Encrypt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, modify the nginx configuration in `baselayer/services/nginx/nginx.conf.template` to use the newly generated certificate:
```

    listen [::]:443 ssl ipv6only=on;

>     listen 443 ssl;

Reviewer: Did you try this? I think the config is a bit convoluted, and may require a more sophisticated patch (or, at least, a patch to the right place in the config file).

Author: Yeah this is what I am running for sedmv2 currently (copied and pasted). But it doesn't mean that it's a good choice!

Reviewer: We currently have:

```
  server {
    listen {{ ports.app }};
```

So it's not quite clear to me where the above goes. Did you replace the `listen` statements?

Author: No I left those in and just copied and pasted the below into the template. The other listens are still in there. We still want the app ports I presume?

Reviewer: Can you paste the entire config file here?

    ssl_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/{YOUR_DOMAIN_HERE}/fullchain.pem;
    ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/{YOUR_DOMAIN_HERE}/privkey.pem;
    include /etc/letsencrypt/options-ssl-nginx.conf;
    ssl_dhparam /etc/letsencrypt/ssl-dhparams.pem;

> and restart the app with `make run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, stop the app and run it again using `make run`.
```
